Show steps for drag and drop designer (#4549)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

   Resulting built-in form with tabs and named groups

> #. Choose ``Drag and drop designer`` from the :guilabel:`Attribute editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Choose ``Drag and drop designer`` from the :guilabel:`Select attribute layout
```

>    layout` combobox. This enables the :guilabel:`Form Layout` panel next to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   editor` combobox. This enables the :guilabel:`Form Layout` panel next to the
```

>    :guilabel:`Available widgets` one, filled with existing fields. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Available widgets` panel, filled with existing fields. 
```

#. Select any fields you would not want to use in your :guilabel:`Form Layout`

>    panel and hit the |signMinus| button to remove them. Drag and drop fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   panel and hit the |signMinus| button to remove them (drag and drop fields
```

Author: Not convinced parenthesis is appropriate here.

Reviewer: We describe how to remove fields here.  Then I think it is appropriate to describe how to get them back in parenthesis (reversing the action).

>    from the other panel to readd them. The same field can be added multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   from the other panel to re-add them). The same field can be added multiple times.
```

#. Drag and drop fields within the :guilabel:`Form Layout` to reorder
   their position.
#. Add containers (tab or group frames) to associate fields that belong to
   the same category and better structure the form.
  
   #. The first step is to use the |signPlus| icon to create a tab in which
      fields and groups will be displayed

>    #. You can create as many containers as you want. If relevant, press again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. You can create as many containers as you want. If relevant, press
```

>       the |signPlus| icon to create another tab or a group frame under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the |signPlus| icon again to create another tab or a group frame under
```

      an existing tab (see figure_fields_layout_).

      .. _figure_fields_layout:

      .. figure:: img/attribute_editor_layout.png
         :align: center

         Dialog to create containers with the **Attribute editor layout**

> #. The next step is to assign to each container the relevant fields,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The next step is to assign the relevant fields to each container,
```

>    by simple drag and drop. Groups and tabs can also be moved, the same way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   by simple drag and drop. Groups and tabs can also be moved in the same way.
```

> #. At their creation time you can set some properties of the containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. At their creation time you can set properties of the containers
```

>    At any time you can update them with a double-click. QGIS opens a form in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (they can updated them with a double-click). QGIS opens a form in
```

Author: Actually, the point is that the update dialog provides more options that the creation one. Putting that action into brackets minimizes it to me although it's what is described below

Reviewer: Good point.  With more options for the update, reformulation is necessary.  I have given it a try.

   which you can:

   * choose to hide or show the item label
   * rename the container
   * set over how many columns the embedded fields should be distributed
   * enter an expression to control the container's visibility.

>      The expression will be re-evaluated everytime values in the form change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The expression will be re-evaluated every time values in the form change,
```

     and the tab or group box shown/hidden accordingly
   * show the container as a group box (only available for tabs).
   * add a background color

> #. Likewise double-click a field label and you can specify whether the label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Likewise, double-click a field label and you can specify whether the label
```

   of its widget should be visible or not in the form.

#. In case the layer is involved in ``one or many to many relations`` (see 
   :ref:`vector_relations`), referencing layers are listed in the
   :guilabel:`Relations` frame and their form can be embedded in the current

>    layer form by drag-and-drop. Like the other items, double-click the relation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   layer form by drag-and-drop. As for the other items, double-click the relation
```

   label to configure some options:

   * choose to hide or show the item label
   * show the link button
   * show the unlink button

#. Apply the layer's properties dialog

> #. Use the |identify| tool on a feature and it should display the new form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Use the |identify| tool on a feature, and it should display the new form.
```
